[#2] [Chore] Review readme and PR templates (#1)
malparty/react-survey: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/chore_template.md

---
name: "Chore"
about: "Open a Chore for a minor update."
title: "[Chore] "
labels: "type: chore"
---

## Why

> Describe the update details and why it's needed.

Reviewer: How about this? to align with the feature template

```suggestion
Describe the update details and why it is needed.
```

Author: Nice catch :) 
✅ Fixed in 7c25d6
